c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\DayOrganizer.Web.dll.config
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\DayOrganizer.Web.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\DayOrganizer.Web.pdb
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\obj\Debug\DayOrganizer.Web.dll
c:\users\user_beqa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\obj\Debug\DayOrganizer.Web.pdb
C:\Users\user_beqa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DayOrganizer\DayOrganizer.Web\obj\Debug\DayOrganizer.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
